# 
# Mach Operating System
# Copyright (c) 1994 Johannes Helander
# All Rights Reserved.
# 
# Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its
# documentation is hereby granted, provided that both the copyright
# notice and this permission notice appear in all copies of the
# software, derivative works or modified versions, and any portions
# thereof, and that both notices appear in supporting documentation.
# 
# JOHANNES HELANDER ALLOWS FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS "AS IS"
# CONDITION.  JOHANNES HELANDER DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OF ANY KIND
# FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
#
#
# HISTORY
# $Log: files,v $
# Revision 1.2  2000/10/27 01:58:45  welchd
#
# Updated to latest source
#
# Revision 1.4  1995/08/15  06:53:53  gback
# minor screwup in files wrt to ext2fs filenames fixed
#
# Revision 1.3  1995/08/15  06:48:52  sclawson
# modifications from lites-1.1-950808
#
# Revision 1.2  1995/03/02  23:30:08  mike
# bring forward a change from the new build environment
#
#
# HISTORY
# 06-Oct-94  Ian Dall (dall@hfrd.dsto.gov.au)
#	Added tape_io.c and libkern/mach_error.c.
#	Remove gprof_support.c. We should use the support in libprof1.
#	Added copyright notice etc.
#

OPTIONS/namei_macros	optional namei_macros
OPTIONS/map_uarea	optional map_uarea
OPTIONS/second_server	optional second_server
OPTIONS/machid_register	optional machid_register
OPTIONS/vnpager.h	optional vnpager
OPTIONS/file_ports.h	optional file_ports
OPTIONS/map_ether	optional map_ether
OPTIONS/map_time	optional map_time
OPTIONS/data_synch      optional data_synch

OPTIONS/ether_as_syscall	optional ether_as_syscall
OPTIONS/mpa_pipe	optional map_pipe

OPTIONS/debug		optional debug
OPTIONS/diagnostic	optional diagnostic
OPTIONS/syscalltrace	optional syscalltrace
OPTIONS/gprof		optional gprof
OPTIONS/assertions	optional assertions
OPTIONS/queue_assertions	optional queue_assertions
OPTIONS/mutex_holder_assert	optional mutex_holder_assert

OPTIONS/compat_42	optional compat_42
OPTIONS/compat_43	optional compat_43
OPTIONS/compat_oldsock	optional compat_oldsock
OPTIONS/mach4_includes	optional mach4_includes

OPTIONS/inet		optional inet define_dynamic
OPTIONS/mrouting	optional mrouting
OPTIONS/tcp_compat_42	optional tcp_compat_42
OPTIONS/iso		optional iso
OPTIONS/tpip		optional tpip
OPTIONS/ns		optional ns define_dynamic
OPTIONS/nsip		optional nsip define_dynamic
OPTIONS/ccitt		optional ccitt
OPTIONS/llc		optional llc
OPTIONS/hdlc		optional hdlc
OPTIONS/gateway		optional gateway
OPTIONS/eon		optional eon
OPTIONS/hy		optional hy

OPTIONS/ffs		optional ffs
OPTIONS/lfs		optional lfs
OPTIONS/mfs		optional mfs
OPTIONS/nfs		optional nfs define_dynamic
OPTIONS/fdesc		optional fdesc
OPTIONS/portal		optional portal
OPTIONS/nullfs		optional nullfs
OPTIONS/umapfs		optional umapfs
OPTIONS/kernfs		optional kernfs
OPTIONS/procfs		optional procfs
OPTIONS/afs		optional afs
OPTIONS/cd9660		optional cd9660
OPTIONS/union		optional union
OPTIONS/fifo		optional fifo
OPTIONS/ext2fs		optional ext2fs
OPTIONS/minixfs		optional minixfs
OPTIONS/devfs  		optional devfs

OPTIONS/sysvshm		optional sysvshm
OPTIONS/quota		optional quota

OPTIONS/generic		optional generic
OPTIONS/ktrace		optional ktrace
OPTIONS/kmemstats	optional kmemstats
OPTIONS/rmp		optional rmp
OPTIONS/trace		optional trace
OPTIONS/noopt		optional noopt

../conf/param.c		standard

isofs/cd9660/cd9660_bmap.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_lookup.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_node.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_rrip.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_util.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vfsops.c	optional cd9660
isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vnops.c	optional cd9660
kern/init_main.c	standard
kern/init_sysent.c	standard
kern/kern_acct.c	standard
serv/kern_clock.c	optional old_clock
kern/kern_descrip.c	standard
kern/kern_exit.c	standard
#kern/kern_fork.c	standard
serv/serv_fork.c	optional lites
kern/kern_ktrace.c	optional ktrace
#kern/kern_malloc.c	standard
kern/kern_proc.c	standard
kern/kern_prot.c	standard
kern/kern_resource.c	standard
kern/kern_sig.c		standard
kern/kern_subr.c	standard
#kern/kern_synch.c	standard
serv/serv_synch.c	standard
kern/kern_sysctl.c	standard
kern/kern_time.c	standard
kern/kern_xxx.c		standard
kern/subr_log.c		standard
kern/subr_prf.c		standard
kern/subr_xxx.c		standard
kern/sys_generic.c	standard
kern/sys_socket.c	standard
kern/sysv_shm.c		optional sysvshm
kern/tty.c		standard
kern/tty_compat.c	standard
kern/tty_conf.c		standard
kern/tty_pty.c		optional pty
kern/tty_subr.c		standard
kern/tty_tb.c		optional tb
kern/tty_tty.c		standard
kern/uipc_domain.c	standard
kern/uipc_mbuf.c	standard
kern/uipc_proto.c	standard
kern/uipc_socket.c	standard
kern/uipc_socket2.c	standard
kern/uipc_syscalls.c	standard
kern/uipc_usrreq.c	standard
kern/vfs_bio.c		standard
kern/vfs_cache.c	standard
kern/vfs_cluster.c	standard
kern/vfs_conf.c		standard
kern/vfs_init.c		standard
kern/vfs_lookup.c	standard
kern/vfs_subr.c		standard
kern/vfs_syscalls.c	standard
kern/vfs_vnops.c	standard
kern/sys_process.c	standard
miscfs/deadfs/dead_vnops.c	standard
miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vfsops.c	optional fdesc
miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vnops.c	optional fdesc
miscfs/fifofs/fifo_vnops.c	optional fifo
miscfs/kernfs/kernfs_vfsops.c	optional kernfs
miscfs/kernfs/kernfs_vnops.c	optional kernfs
miscfs/nullfs/null_subr.c	optional nullfs
miscfs/nullfs/null_vfsops.c	optional nullfs
miscfs/nullfs/null_vnops.c	optional nullfs
miscfs/portal/portal_vfsops.c	optional portal
miscfs/portal/portal_vnops.c	optional portal
miscfs/procfs/procfs_subr.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_vnops.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_vfsops.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_note.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_mem.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_ctl.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_status.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_regs.c	optional procfs
miscfs/procfs/procfs_fpregs.c	optional procfs
miscfs/specfs/spec_vnops.c	standard
miscfs/umapfs/umap_subr.c	optional umapfs
miscfs/umapfs/umap_vfsops.c	optional umapfs
miscfs/umapfs/umap_vnops.c	optional umapfs
miscfs/union/union_subr.c	optional union
miscfs/union/union_vfsops.c	optional union
miscfs/union/union_vnops.c	optional union
miscfs/devfs/devfs_vfsops.c	optional devfs
miscfs/devfs/devfs_vnops.c	optional devfs
net/bpf.c		optional bpfilter
net/bpf_filter.c	optional bpfilter
net/if.c		standard
net/if_ethersubr.c	optional ether
net/if_loop.c		standard
net/if_sl.c		optional sl
net/if_ppp.c		optional ppp
net/radix.c		standard
net/raw_cb.c		standard
net/raw_usrreq.c	standard
net/route.c		standard
net/rtsock.c		standard
net/slcompress.c	optional sl ppp
netccitt/ccitt_proto.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/llc_input.c	optional llc
netccitt/llc_output.c	optional llc
netccitt/llc_subr.c	optional llc
netccitt/llc_timer.c	optional llc
netccitt/pk_llcsubr.c	optional llc
netccitt/pk_llcsubr.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/hd_debug.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/hd_input.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/hd_output.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/hd_subr.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/hd_timer.c	optional hdlc
netccitt/if_x25subr.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_acct.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_debug.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_input.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_output.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_subr.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_timer.c	optional ccitt
netccitt/pk_usrreq.c	optional ccitt
netimp/if_imp.c		optional imp
netimp/if_imphost.c	optional imp
netimp/raw_imp.c	optional imp
netinet/if_ether.c	optional ether
netinet/igmp.c		optional inet
netinet/in.c		optional inet
netinet/in_pcb.c	optional inet
netinet/in_proto.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_icmp.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_input.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_mroute.c	optional mrouting
netinet/ip_output.c	optional inet
netinet/raw_ip.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_debug.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_input.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_output.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_subr.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_timer.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netinet/udp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netiso/clnp_debug.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_er.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_frag.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_input.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_options.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_output.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_raw.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_subr.c	optional iso
netiso/clnp_timer.c	optional iso
netiso/cltp_usrreq.c	optional iso
netiso/esis.c		optional iso
netiso/idrp_usrreq.c	optional iso
netiso/if_eon.c		optional eon
netiso/iso.c		optional iso
netiso/iso_chksum.c	optional iso
netiso/iso_pcb.c	optional iso
netiso/iso_proto.c	optional iso
netiso/iso_snpac.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_astring.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_astring.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_cons.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_driver.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_driver.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_emit.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_emit.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_inet.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_inet.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_input.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_input.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_iso.c		optional iso
netiso/tp_meas.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_meas.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_output.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_output.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_pcb.c		optional iso
netiso/tp_pcb.c		optional tpip
netiso/tp_subr.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_subr.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_subr2.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_subr2.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_timer.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_timer.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_trace.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_trace.c	optional tpip
netiso/tp_usrreq.c	optional iso
netiso/tp_usrreq.c	optional tpip
netiso/tuba_subr.c	optional iso tuba
netiso/tuba_table.c	optional iso tuba
netiso/tuba_usrreq.c	optional iso tuba
netns/idp_usrreq.c	optional ns
netns/ns.c		optional ns
netns/ns_error.c	optional ns
netns/ns_input.c	optional ns
netns/ns_ip.c		optional ns
netns/ns_output.c	optional ns
netns/ns_pcb.c		optional ns
netns/ns_proto.c	optional ns
netns/spp_debug.c	optional ns
netns/spp_usrreq.c	optional ns
nfs/nfs_bio.c		optional nfs
nfs/nfs_node.c		optional nfs
nfs/nfs_nqlease.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_serv.c		optional nfs
nfs/nfs_socket.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_srvcache.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_subs.c		optional nfs
nfs/nfs_syscalls.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_vfsops.c	optional nfs
nfs/nfs_vnops.c		optional nfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_alloc.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_alloc.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_balloc.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_balloc.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_inode.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_inode.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_subr.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_subr.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_tables.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_tables.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_vfsops.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_vfsops.c	optional mfs
ufs/ffs/ffs_vnops.c	optional ffs
ufs/ffs/ffs_vnops.c	optional mfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_alloc.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_bio.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_balloc.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_cksum.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_debug.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_inode.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_segment.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_subr.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_syscalls.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_vfsops.c	optional lfs
ufs/lfs/lfs_vnops.c	optional lfs
ufs/mfs/mfs_vfsops.c	optional mfs
ufs/mfs/mfs_vnops.c	optional mfs
ufs/ufs/ufs_bmap.c	standard
#ufs/ufs/ufs_disksubr.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_ihash.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_inode.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_lockf.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_lookup.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_quota.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_vfsops.c	standard
ufs/ufs/ufs_vnops.c	standard
#vm/vm_mmap.c		standard

#
serv/vm_glue.c		optional lites
serv/block_io.c		optional lites
serv/cons.c		optional lites
serv/device_misc.c	optional lites
serv/device_reply_hdlr.c	optional lites
serv/device_utils.c	optional lites
serv/disk_io.c		optional lites
serv/tape_io.c		optional lites
serv/ether_io.c		optional lites
# serv/gprof_support.c	optional profiling-routine
serv/inittodr.c		optional lites
serv/misc.c		optional lites
# serv/port_hash.c	optional lites
serv/proc_to_task.c	optional lites
serv/ux_syscall.c	optional lites
serv/syscall_subr.c	optional lites
serv/tty_io.c		optional com
serv/user_copy.c	optional lites
serv/user_reply_msg.c	optional lites
serv/ux_exception.c	optional lites
serv/ux_server_loop.c	optional lites
serv/bsd_server.c	optional lites
serv/bsd_server_side.c	optional lites
serv/zalloc.c		optional lites
serv/cmu_syscalls.c	optional lites
serv/netisr.c		optional lites
serv/server_init.c	optional lites
serv/serv_syscalls.c	optional lites
serv/vm_syscalls.c	optional lites
serv/select.c		optional lites
serv/proc_stats.c	optional lites

# Notify handler
serv/notify_interface.c	optional lites

# New vnode pager
serv/xmm_interface.c	optional vnpager
serv/vn_pager_misc.c	optional vnpager

# Added by us to allow a second server to run under another BSD server:
serv/second_traps.s	optional second_server
serv/second_cons.c	optional second_server

#
serv/timer.c		optional lites
serv/server_exec.c	optional lites
serv/port_object.c	optional lites
serv/sendsig.c		optional lites
serv/signal_user.c	optional lites
serv/mapped_timezone.c	optional lites
serv/mapped_pipe.c	optional map_pipe

serv/mach_init_ports.c optional machid_register
./kern/syscalls.c	standard
./vnode_if.c		standard
kern/vnode.c		optional noopt

# Library support
libkern/scanc.c		standard
libkern/skpc.c		standard
libkern/mach_error.c	standard
libkern/queue.c		standard

